# Target Outcomes
## Article ID: crIXN
## Article doi: http://doi.org/10.1016/j.cognition.2015.06.012

For this article you should focus on the findings reported in section 2.2 Results. Specifically, you should attempt to reproduce all descriptive and inferential analyses reported in the text below and associated tables/figures:

> On 58.5% (±4.7 SEM) of all trials, on average, participants indicated to be least confident regarding the appearance of the faces. In these trials, participants were unable to correctly guess the presentation of the faces in the manual 2AFC task (M = 50.54% (±0.84 SEM); one-sample t-test against 50%: t(25) = 0.65, p > 0.05; Fig. 2A), indicating that the faces were effectively suppressed from awareness. In addition, Bayes analysis of participants’ task performance yielded Bayes factors of 0.01 and 0.04 for uniform distributions above and below 50%, respectively, providing substantial evidence for the null hypothesis, that is, no difference from a chance level of 50%.

> Regarding participants’ eye movements at the lowest confidence level, we first probed whether saccades were more frequently directed towards the actual position of the faces in comparison to all possible locations in which the face stimuli could potentially appear. To this end, we computed the proportion of saccadic endpoints landing on the two concurrently presented faces in relation to saccadic endpoints landing within all possible face locations. Saccades were significantly more frequently directed towards the actually presented face stimuli compared to all possible locations of the faces (M = 49.83% (±2.32 SEM); one sample t-test against 40.7% representing the area covered by two faces relative to all possible locations of the faces: t(25) = 3.93, p < 0.001). Of these face-directed saccades, the mean saccadic preference index across participants was M = 10.41% (±4.95 SEM) (Fig. 2B), which was significantly larger than 0 (one sample t-test: t(25) = 2.10; p = 0.046; d = 0.41). This indicates that relative to all face-directed saccades, saccades were ∼10% more often guided towards faces with direct gaze compared to averted gaze. In three participants, saccadic indices were identified as statistical outliers, because they were either 1.5 times the interquartile range above the 75th percentile or below the 25th percentile of the group distribution. After removal of these outliers, the mean saccadic preference index was still significantly above 0 (M = 8.72% (±3.79 SEM); one sample t-test: t(22) = 2.30; p = 0.031; d = 0.48). No difference in saccade latencies between direct (M = 446.94 ms (±9.51 SEM)) and averted gaze (M = 429.96 ms (±9.51 SEM); paired sample t-test: t(25) = 0.89; p = 0.38; d = 0.18) was found.

**Note**
Make sure to use the original article for additional context and information about any necessary pre-processing steps. Also check for additional supplementary materials that may provide supporting documentation for analysis procedures.
